feature/cho-pro-mobile-integration (#2140)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/checkout-pro/integrate-preferences.en.md

# Integrate Checkout Pro

> The integration with Checkout Pro allows you to charge via our web form from any device in a simple, fast and secure way.

Author: ```suggestion
The integration with Checkout Pro allows you to receive payments via our web form from any device in a simple, fast and secure way.
```
